Add August Cloud updates (#3002)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud/reference/release-notes/cloud-updates.md

InfluxDB Cloud updates occur frequently. Find a compilation of recent updates below.
To find information about the latest Flux updates in InfluxDB Cloud, see [Flux release notes](/influxdb/cloud/reference/release-notes/flux/).

## August 2021 

> - Add new support for [bucket schemas](/influxdb/cloud/organizations/buckets/bucket-schema/) to enforce column names, tags, fields, and data types for your data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for [explicit bucket schemas](/influxdb/cloud/organizations/buckets/bucket-schema/), which lets you enforce explicit schemas for each measurement, including column names, tags, fields, and data types.
```
